OSDOCS-4072: adds ingress firewall node operator (#52114)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-infw-operator-cr.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nw-infw-operator-cr_{context}"]
= Ingress Node Firewall Operator

> The Ingress Node Firewall Operator provides ingress firewall rules at a node level by deploying the daemon set to nodes you specify and manage in the firewall configurations. To deploy the daemon set, you create an `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` custom resource (CR). The Operator applies the `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` CR to create ingress node firewall daemon set `daemon`, which run on all nodes that match the `nodeSelector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ingress Node Firewall Operator provides ingress firewall rules at a node level by deploying the daemon set to nodes you specify and manage in the firewall configurations. To deploy the daemon set, you create an `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` custom resource (CR). The Operator applies the `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` CR to create ingress node firewall daemon set `daemon`, which runs pods on all nodes that match the `nodeSelector`.
```

Author: I _think_ it is the `daemon` that run on all nodes.

> You configure `rules` of the `IngressNodeFirewall` CR and apply them to clusters using the `nodeSelector` and setting values to "true".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You configure `rules` of the `IngressNodeFirewall` CR and apply them to clusters using the `nodeSelector` object and setting values to `true`.
```
Should `true` be in monospace or regular quotes?

Author: regular, I _think_

[IMPORTANT]
====
The Ingress Node Firewall Operator supports only stateless firewall rules.

> The maximum transmission units (MTU) is 4K in {product-title} 4.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum transmission units (MTU) parameter is 4Kb (kilobytes) in {product-title} {product-version}.
```
small suggestions. "4K" makes me think of TV resolutions.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-infw-operator-cr_{context}"]
= Ingress Node Firewall Operator

The Ingress Node Firewall Operator deploys daemon on OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider clusters. To deploy the DaemonSet, you create an `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` custom resource (CR). The Ingress Node Firewall Operator applies the `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` CR to create ingress node firewall daemonset `daemon`, which run on all nodes that match the `nodeSelector`.

> You configure the `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` through the `IngressNodeFirewall` CR. The `IngressNodeFirewall` applies the `sourceCIDR` and `rules` you set up to clusters with `nodeSelector` `matchLabels` values set to `true` for `do-node-ingress-firewall`.

Reviewer 2: labels can be anything we used do-node-ingress-firewall just as an example but users can configure whatever label they like

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-infw-operator-cr_{context}"]
= Ingress Node Firewall Operator

The Ingress Node Firewall Operator is available only on cluster that use the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider clusters. To deploy the daemon set, you create an `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` custom resource (CR). The Ingress Node Firewall Operator applies the `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` CR to create ingress node firewall daemon set `daemon`, which run on all nodes that match the `nodeSelector`.

> You configure `rules` of the `IngressNodeFirewall` CR to be applied to clusters with `nodeSelector` `matchLabels` values set to "true".

Author: I had @jboxman-rh look at this and we thought here it was literally "true" not `true`.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The Ingress Node Firewall Operator supports only stateless firewall rules.

The maximum transmission units (MTU) is 4K in {product-title} 4.12.

Network interface controllers (NICs) that do not support native XDP drivers will run at a lower performance.
====

//The Ingress Node Firewall Operator is installed either through the Operator SDK command-line interface (CLI) or through the Operator Life Cycle (OLM) catalog. For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/operators/index.html[Operators overview]

.Procedure

You can deploy the Ingress Node Firewall Operator from manifests or from the OLM.

You can deploy one or multiple `IngressNodeFirewall` CRDs to nodes by applying firewall rules.

* Run the following command to deploy Ingress Node Firewall Operator rules:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc apply -f rule.yaml

Author: @msherif1234

> $ oc apply -f rule.yaml

Reviewer 2: yes customer need to build their own rule yaml file to apply filters specific to their network and their node interfaces 
example of the rules configs are in the github repo 
https://github.com/openshift/ingress-node-firewall/tree/master/config/samples
